Name something you've done to surprise a friend or significant other that made a significant impact in their life.
What is something you wish your parents taught you?
Name someone you wanted to help and were too afraid to at the time. What would you do differently today?
What is something you've learned from friends that you would have preferred to learn from your parents?
What's one thing you'd change about your current relationship? What prevents you from having the conversation?
What's something you want(ed) to say to someone that you haven't had the chance to?
What's the 1st thing you look for in a relationship (love or friendship)? What is something that you value in your relationships that is often overlooked by others?
Has anyone unknowingly impacted your life for the better? What happened and if you could thank that person through actions what would you want to do for that person?
Name something you will teach your children that you weren't taught by your parents.
From someone not related to you, what has been the most meaningful or significant gesture of thanks that you've received?
Have you positively changed/impacted the life of someone that isn't related to you who is unaware of your good deed even till this day?
What is your preferred method or place for meeting new people?
Who is someone living you want to grab dinner with and why? What are two questions you would want to ask them?
What is the most recent random act of kindness you've done for a stranger? What is the most recent random act of kindness someone did for you?
What is the most useful item/thing you own? What is something you own that you wouldn't sell?
What was your favorite game you played as a kid? What game do you enjoy now?  When was the last time you just spend a day to play?
What is your favorite website (not including social media)? What is your favorite app?
Name two things you would buy if you won the lottery (but wouldn't if you don't win)? What is something you would buy for a friend if you won the lotto?
What's a class/course you wish they offered in school? If you had to teach a class with your current knowledge what subject would you select?
If you had nothing but time on your hands, which global problem would you be interested in solving? What steps could you take now to help be a part of the solution in your own daily life?
What's a product you've purchased that you weren't sure about initially, but ended up loving.
Which book/movie have you watched more than any other?  Which book/movie has had the most impact on your life?
What is an activity you want to try but are too embarrassed or fearful to attend? i.e. Ballet class
What do you miss most about your childhood? What is a habit from your childhood that influences you even today?
Name something when you see it, it always makes you smile? Is there someone in your life that when you are together you are usually smiling together?
Did you keep any childhood possessions? What toy or item from your childhood do you remember most fondly?
Name someone still alive who you've never met and has influenced you most? If you could ask that person one question, what would you want to ask them?
What is your favorite cuisine? What dish would you want to learn to cook most from this region?
Which TV or movie character(s) do you relate to most? If you could be an extra in any movie or TV show which one would you pick?
If you had to describe yourself using three words what comes to mind?
What topic have you always wanted to know more about? What topic did you enjoy most in school? If you can, share something you remember from that course?
Share 5 things you are most grateful for right now? Share a few things you no longer take for granted as a result of recent events?
What is one thing you want to work on during your downtime? What is one behavior you want to incorporate more into your life?
If you were asked about the one thing you're really good at, what would it be? Share something about this topic that most people wouldn't know, but should know?
What is something you can offer advice on? What advice would you offer to today's youth?
Name an activity that lifts you out of a slump? What activities are you engaging in during the lock down that is helping you better cope?
What is something positive you would like to say about yourself? What is something about yourself that you would like to work on?
What song or movie always has you feeling emotional? What song or movie always leaves you feeling motivated?
What item(s) have you spent far too much money on? What one item would you wish to return and get your money back if you could go back in time?
What is your most successful accomplishment in life? What is one thing you wish to accomplish still?
Share an amazing story from your life that is unbelieveable to most?
What is something you regret & you would like to let go of? Is there someone you have been meaning to apologize to but haven't found the best way to do it yet?
Name 2 ways in which technology has worsened your life. Name two ways in which technology has improved your life.
What class in high school did you enjoy most? Can you remember something from that class you can share now?
What activity is something that would be outside your comfort zone, but you'd engage in regardless? What is a mainstream activity you wouldn't want to try even once
If you could wake up tomorrrow and be an expert in anything, what field would you choose?
What is something you wished the world did differently? How would you prefer it be done?
Name a product or service that should exist but doesn't yet.
If you listen to podcasts (or read blogs) who is your favorite podcaster? If you could start a podcast what would it be about?
What is one of the memorable 1st encounter conversations you've had?  What about the conversation made it so memorable?
What was the most valuable thing/lesson you learned last year? What about this year?
As a child, when people asked what did you want to be when you grew up, do you recall what your answer was? Now that you're more grown up - what would you change your answer to?
Share something you've achieved that at the time you believed would be impossible. What is something you want to achieve now, but seems impossible?
When was the last time you had to make a hard decision? What helped you in making this decision?
Name something you consider yourself an expert in. How long did it take you to learn, and what was your biggest lesson during the process?
What accomplishment are you most proud of? What year would you re-live again and why?
Name two ways in which your life is better now than in the past. Name one way in which your life will be better in the future.
Share a moment from your life that you'll never forget. Share a moment from your life you wish you could forget.
What's something you learned from traveling abroad? What is a tradition from another culture you wish was more widely adopted in your culture?
What is something about you that you'd like to ask your parent or grandparent about, but have not yet? What is something you'd want to know about their life you haven't asked about yet?
Name something your grandparents taught you.
What did you find hardest to understand as a child? What resources do you wish you had to help you?
What is something you want to learn by the end of this year?
Share a habit you wish to break? What's a habit you would like to add?
What's a problem that you're currently facing? What would help you solve your dimemma outside of money?
What is a job or career you'd like to try?
Which concert or ticketed event do you regret not attending? What concert would you like to see again?
Name something you find yourself spending more money on in older age than you ever thought you would.
What's one place you want to travel to that you've never been? Where is a place you want to revisit and spend more time?
Which birthday has been most memorable? What would you like to do for your future birthday?
Share your morning routine. What are things you would like to do in your day that you usually don't have enough time for?
Describe the perfect day. What would you like to wake up with tomorrow that you don't have today that isn't more money?
What purchase of $100 or less has most positively impacted your life in the last six months (or in recent memory)?
How has a failure, or apparent failure, set you up for later success? Do you have a “favorite failure” of yours?
If you could have a gigantic billboard anywhere with anything on it what would it say and why?
What is one of the best or most worthwhile investments you’ve ever made? (Could be an investment of money, time, energy, etc.)
What is an unusual habit or an absurd thing that you love?
In the last five years, what new belief, behavior, or habit has most improved your life?